
POISSON CHAPTER

- Finish argument for why behavior of integrated likelihood under ZSE parameterization is
  identical to profile likelihood in naive group rates model for weighted sum of group rates. 
  - Show that the curvature of each branch of the integrated likelihood is identical
    to that of the profile likelihood using a quadratic expansion around their modes which have
    already been shown to be equal regardless of choice of omega_hat.

- Give real-world examples for each model framework.

- After showing simulation results comparing IL to PL on fake data with known true parameters,
  use IL and PL to estimate parameter of interest using real data, ideally from a previously
  published study.

- Gather simulation results that compare performance of profile likelihood to integrated likelihood
  under a misspecified model assumption. In particular, for the fixed effects regression application,
  the operating practice up until this point has been to compute the true marginal rates in each group
  by marginalizing over the joint distribution of the covariates, and then using those same distributions
  from which the joint distribution arises (the covariates are assumed to be independent) to generate 
  new values of the covariates with which to run a regression. Once the covariate sample data has been 
  generated, the knowledge of the underlying distribution from which they came does not factor into the 
  regression, as it would not in real life. However, the very fact that we are using the same distributions
  (and the same number) to generate the covariates as those which produced the true marginal rates is an
  advantage that we would also not have in real life. In other words, we are assuming that our model has been
  correctly specified, which is far from guaranteed in practice. A property of a good estimator is that it is
  robust to model misspecification, meaning it "performs well" (according to whichever metrics you have decided
  are a good measure of that) even if the underlying model from which it came does not match the true process
  generating the observations. Hence, it is of interest to us to determine whether an estimator from an integrated
  likelihood has better frequentist properties compared to its profile likelihood counterpart when the model from 
  which they are derived is misspecified. To misspecify a model, we have two levers at our disposal. We can (i) 
  vary the distribution of the covariates that we use to generate the data compared to the one we use to compute 
  the true marginal rates, and (ii) we can vary the number of covariates itself that we use in our regression model
  relative to the number we used to compute the true marginal rates. Pulling each of these levers to different degrees
  and keeping track of the results should serve to give a good idea of the difference in performance (if one exists) 
  between an IL estimator vs a PL estimator under a misspecified model. This procedure can be done for other applications
  involving a regression as well.